critical Section for Object 4 from 5 for 2 th time
critical Section for Object 4 from 2 for 4 th time
critical Section for Object 4 from 2 for 5 th time
critical Section for Object 4 from 2 for 8 th time
critical Section for Object 4 from 1 for 9 th time
critical Section for Object 4 from 1 for 10 th time
critical Section for Object 4 from 2 for 13 th time
critical Section for Object 4 from 1 for 15 th time
critical Section for Object 4 from 1 for 17 th time
critical Section for Object 4 from 4 for 15 th time
critical Section for Object 4 from 1 for 1 th time
critical Section for Object 4 from 5 for 2 th time
critical Section for Object 4 from 2 for 4 th time
critical Section for Object 4 from 2 for 6 th time
critical Section for Object 4 from 5 for 9 th time
critical Section for Object 4 from 3 for 7 th time
critical Section for Object 4 from 4 for 8 th time
critical Section for Object 4 from 5 for 13 th time
critical Section for Object 4 from 5 for 14 th time
critical Section for Object 4 from 4 for 12 th time
critical Section for Object 4 from 4 for 14 th time
critical Section for Object 4 from 2 for 19 th time
critical Section for Object 4 from 1 for 20 th time
critical Section for Object 4 from 1 for 1 th time
critical Section for Object 4 from 5 for 4 th time
critical Section for Object 4 from 4 for 6 th time
critical Section for Object 4 from 2 for 8 th time
critical Section for Object 4 from 5 for 10 th time
critical Section for Object 4 from 3 for 12 th time
critical Section for Object 4 from 1 for 15 th time
critical Section for Object 4 from 5 for 17 th time
critical Section for Object 4 from 5 for 18 th time
critical Section for Object 4 from 3 for 17 th time
critical Section for Object 4 from 5 for 20 th time
critical Section for Object 4 from 2 for 2 th time
critical Section for Object 4 from 5 for 3 th time
critical Section for Object 4 from 3 for 6 th time
critical Section for Object 4 from 4 for 8 th time
critical Section for Object 4 from 3 for 8 th time
critical Section for Object 4 from 4 for 9 th time
critical Section for Object 4 from 3 for 9 th time
critical Section for Object 4 from 3 for 10 th time
critical Section for Object 4 from 5 for 12 th time
critical Section for Object 4 from 1 for 13 th time
critical Section for Object 4 from 4 for 14 th time
critical Section for Object 4 from 5 for 19 th time
critical Section for Object 4 from 1 for 18 th time
critical Section for Object 4 from 2 for 20 th time
critical Section for Object 4 from 1 for 1 th time
critical Section for Object 4 from 1 for 2 th time
critical Section for Object 4 from 2 for 3 th time
critical Section for Object 4 from 5 for 3 th time
critical Section for Object 4 from 2 for 4 th time
critical Section for Object 4 from 1 for 4 th time
critical Section for Object 4 from 4 for 5 th time
critical Section for Object 4 from 4 for 6 th time
critical Section for Object 4 from 3 for 7 th time
critical Section for Object 4 from 1 for 9 th time
critical Section for Object 4 from 2 for 20 th time
